Docs: feat: make automatic system locking for cluster node (CaaSP) user configurable (#257)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/vhm-caasp.adoc

====
The locking mechanism works only with plain Salt minions (locking is not supported with salt-ssh minions).

> You can enable or disable the system lock by using Formulas > System Lock > uncheck "Lock system" and press "Save Formula" (applying the highstate is not needed for this formula).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable or disable the system lock by navigating to menu:Formulas[System Lock].
Uncheck [guimenu]``Lock system`` and click btn:[Save Formula] to save.
You do not need to apply the highstate for this formula.
```

When the system lock is disabled, all operations are permitted.
====

> [NOTE]
> ====
> The System Lock formula is enabled automatically if {caasp} is detected on the node.
> Additionally, any action involving packages (not patches) triggers the automatic apply
> of the System Lock formula.
> 
> If you want to disable the automatic apply of the System Lock formula:
> 
> . Edit [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf`` and add this line at the end of the file:
> +
> ----
> java.automatic_system_lock_cluster_nodes = false
> ----
> 
> . Restart the spacewalk service to pick up the changes:
> +
> ----
> spacewalk-service restart
> ----
> 
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The System Lock formula is enabled automatically if {caasp} is detected on the node, or if you perform an action that involves a package.
This does not include actions that involve patches.

You can disable the System Lock formula from being automatically applied by editing the configuration file.
Open [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf`` and add this line at the end of the file:

----
java.automatic_system_lock_cluster_nodes = false
----

Restart the spacewalk service to pick up the changes:

----
spacewalk-service restart
----
```

====
The locking mechanism works only with plain Salt minions (locking is not supported with salt-ssh minions).

You can enable or disable the system lock by navigating to menu:Formulas[System Lock].
Uncheck [guimenu]``Lock system`` and click btn:[Save Formula] to save.
You do not need to apply the highstate for this formula.
When the system lock is disabled, all operations are permitted.
====

The System Lock formula is enabled automatically if {caasp} is detected on the node, or if you perform an action that involves a package.
This does not include actions that involve patches.

You can disable the System Lock formula from being automatically applied by editing the configuration file.

> Open [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf`` and add this line at the end of the file:

Reviewer 2: I'd just write:
```
Add this line at the end of the [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf`` file:

Author: Done, thanks for the hint!
